Feature: Option to disable activate-on-release behaviour of toolbar dropdown buttons. (#10938)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: src/lang/english.txt

STR_CONFIG_SETTING_SMOOTH_SCROLLING                             :Smooth viewport scrolling: {STRING2}
STR_CONFIG_SETTING_SMOOTH_SCROLLING_HELPTEXT                    :Control how the main view scrolls to a specific position when clicking on the smallmap or when issuing a command to scroll to a specific object on the map. If enabled, the viewport scrolls smoothly, if disabled it jumps directly to the targeted spot

STR_CONFIG_SETTING_TOOLBAR_DROPDOWN_CLOSE                       :Toolbar dropdowns activate on release: {STRING2}

> STR_CONFIG_SETTING_TOOLBAR_DROPDOWN_CLOSE_HELPTEXT              :Control whether tthe main toolbar dropdowns activate their default function when released, or if they require an additional selection.

Reviewer: tthe? :D Drop the t please :) Just one, not both.

> STR_CONFIG_SETTING_TOOLBAR_DROPDOWN_CLOSE_HELPTEXT              :Control whether tthe main toolbar dropdowns activate their default function when released, or if they require an additional selection.

Reviewer: This sentence is really hard to read, and even after reading it 4 times, I am not exactly sure what it does :P Maybe dumb it down a bit?

STR_CONFIG_SETTING_SMOOTH_SCROLLING                             :Smooth viewport scrolling: {STRING2}
STR_CONFIG_SETTING_SMOOTH_SCROLLING_HELPTEXT                    :Control how the main view scrolls to a specific position when clicking on the smallmap or when issuing a command to scroll to a specific object on the map. If enabled, the viewport scrolls smoothly, if disabled it jumps directly to the targeted spot

> STR_CONFIG_SETTING_TOOLBAR_DROPDOWN_AUTOSELECT                  :Toolbar dropdowns automatically activate: {STRING2}

Reviewer 2: This is a hard thing to explain, so what about a different approach of not trying to fully explain it? Something like `Quick toolbar dropdowns` or even `Legacy toolbar dropdowns?

> STR_CONFIG_SETTING_TOOLBAR_DROPDOWN_AUTOSELECT_HELPTEXT         :Control whether the main toolbar dropdowns activate their default function when the mouse button is released. If not enabled then the dropdown menu will stay open so a selection can be made.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
STR_CONFIG_SETTING_TOOLBAR_DROPDOWN_AUTOSELECT_HELPTEXT         :Enable legacy main toolbar behavior. If enabled, clicking on a main toolbar button will activate its default function while holding the mouse button will open the dropdown, selecting whichever options is hovered over when released. If disabled, clicking on a main toolbar button will open the dropdown menu without needing to hold the mouse button.
```

Author: I think "legacy" is a bit strong, the current way is not being deprecated.

Reviewer 2: Traditional?

Author: IMHO this text is too wordy, and is wrong. We can omit unnecessary details but if we include them it should be correct. (The dropdown menus are always displayed when clicking, they just close again after a brief time.)
